[PL-38789] Run all pipeline steps in one pod (#1733)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/2_Delegates/manage-delegates/run-all-pipeline-steps-in-one-pod.md

---
title: Run all pipeline steps in one pod
description: This topic describes how to run all pipeline steps in one delegate pod.
sidebar_position: 2
---

> Harness uses delegates for all operations. In cases where you want to select specific delegates pods to perform the task, Harness uses those delegate pods only. In cases where you do not select specific delegates, Harness manager picks the delegate. For more information, go to [How Harness Manager picks delegates] (https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/delegates/delegate-concepts/delegate-overview/#how-harness-manager-picks-delegates).

Reviewer: Please see if this suggestion makes sense:
...if you want to select specific delegate/delegate's pods...

> This topic describes how to to run all pipeline steps in one delegate pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This topic describes how to run all pipeline steps in a single delegate pod.
```
